The Plant

DEDICATION

 Sugary smiles were drifting on my mind, I didn’t know whose; I’d been searching for them, on comics, on ads, in a movie. They’re spirits of this society. But gradually, they turned into frowns, only slightly but decisively, like a taste of Diet Coke. It’s a desert, and I got thirsty for a fountain of old Coca-Cola.
 In the desert, I pilgrimed in my memories, for usable sounds, connectable meanings, and forested them in order; accidentally the good old spirits came in, seemed to resonate in harmony! But were they really good ones? Wasn’t it Walpurgis Night? Eventually, I got awaken from a long dream.
 The pilgrimage went as cynical as a newspaper, but the smiles didn’t cease to be around still, they’re either mocking or enjoying or anything, I feel funny too; I’ve just tried to make ‘em laugh. Here, I’d pull a new rabbit from my aged top hat, I hope you like it.

Season A
Spring to the Summer

1.

 There’re two worlds, seers’ and doers’, from ancient times. A time slip gave me a chance, to play two roles simultaneously. Somewhere in this time, “I” was still going with the times.
 ‘What if it’s too late to change your fate yet?’, Tim, the speaking turtle, who came from the future with me said.
 ‘Nothing for me, anyway nothing’s gonna change my fate’, I answered.
 ‘If you keep pretending to be cool, your fate’s gonna be cool for you’, Abby, a mystic schizo girl, who came with me said.
 ‘You talk in crypto, as always’, I replied.
 ‘It’s nothing, forget it’, Abby said.
 It’s too cold for spring, but we started to search “me”.

 The world wide web is a space full of epistemological stars, feeding us daily, like wheat feeding us. The idea dying with lie is horrible, as much as with nothing. I wanted to scoop the trajectories of dancing epistemological stars, like our ancient star gazers; in this time a syzygy of epistemological stars happened, I want to know its meaning, or that might be some stuff modern mechanists devised…: the descendants of star gazers invented a pseudo teleological space suggesting pseudo ontologies.
 ‘I wonder if my fate was devised or sprang…’, I said almost by myself.
 ‘It’s depending on yourself, an observation problem, the law of an epistemological space’, Tim picked my monologue.
 ‘I have a request for you…’, I said with restraint.
 ‘What kind of request?’, Tim said.
 ‘I want you to apologize to “me”, with metamorphosing into a human, in behalf of me’
 ‘Why?’
 ‘Anyway, it’s start of everything, an apology’, I answered.


Season B
Fall to the Winter

1.

 Terrible the book I’d written in secret was, though that was conceived in common spirit. Finally, my little literary trials nobody knew grounded on the shallows of new continuous trial I personally set, and suddenly I knew I became unfamiliar to myself. I walked away from reality in which I’d once been. My favorite author Murakami once said that that meant the work worked for me, but cruelly in my case. On the first point, I had to grow more decent.

 Doom seemed near, cold was dark. I kept walking anyway under eery shade. Home was faraway, nothing to see ahead: a lost child of Mother Mary. Having landed abroad, I spoke strange. Unknown a step ahead, but poetry in my pocket doubled my heart. The earth was getting wet, snowy the high, but something in the air I scented was sign of new me, in the new world.

 Wriggling the picture in my plastic mind was, which framed me in this uneasy traveling. Having thought about that, my soul slid into full scrutiny. According to the map, a steep hill ahead of me. So I was humming the cursed songs to try to blind my exhaustion. Though harmonics blurred my sight, the steps stayed tight. Haze came lowly, so I gazed up solely, in the middle of the steep. Sludgy the way, up to here, the sight I got: beauty of the air. Only the stars emerging dim.

 Got on the picturesque hump, the widest sense of peace came down; my mind still teased by the unforgotten, that’s not correct. Then, my heart broken like an easy code: I was too lonely to be true. Time went by, and just went by, for the first time in a long time. Without notice, my mind grew void, and eluded reality into a dream, where another possible life still went on: chanting, sporting, connecting, stable…. Some demon in the gap of realities switched that overnight. The dream must be a code of mind, only too perplex to break, and here, some unknown shape drifted near….

 The representation I was confined to, squeezed a tax out of me. The shape had to be reflected what connected me, with what I once ought to have been. I was trembling for what’s going on outside; I knew this was an ongoing dream, no way out; the shape was metamorphic in a second, hard to stay, and tricky. Then, it took shape like a rabbit, which I kept pace with, on a seemingly tough road ahead.

 In the middle of the bamboo bush, a sign stood, in an unreadable way.
I stared at it, for a while.
‘This appears upside down for me…’, I said.
‘It’s unfamiliar opinion’, the rabbit giggled.
‘Time will tell…’, I said by myself; the sign seemed so ominous in my point of view, that I stayed cautious of it.
‘Hurry, hurry! It’s time to go!’, the rabbit jumped into the hole by the sign.

‘Up is down, down is up, you know?’, the rabbit giggled, in the dark again.
I’d already been caught in gravity of the things.
‘I hate to be a downer, but I’m merely going down’, I feared.
‘No, no, you’re going up, close your eyes, and just feel yourself’, the rabbit ate my words.
‘I feel…I’m floating in a void, my sense ceases to capture reality…’, I said, meditatively.
‘O.K. capsule yourself in that nirvana…’, the rabbit said, as if he were a high priest, ‘…perhaps, you need to grow more systematic, to really know where you’re going, surely you’re dipped in new phase…’.

‘Mr Rabbit, are you still there?’, having faded-in the true dark, I called him.
‘Off-course, I’m here’, he replied seriously.
‘I lost my touch, what can I do?’, I questioned him.
‘What if, it’s not yours, from the beginning…”, he faded off his voice, “you’d thought you’re touching things, but by any chance, things were touching you, then you’d started to think you have a touch’
‘So…’, I stuttered.
‘So that means, now things are remote from you, anyhow’, the rabbit taught me, like a high priest again.
‘I asked, what can I do?’, I said strongly.
‘I think, we’re just entering such a time’, the rabbit whispered softly.


2.

 Gravity got me still; there’s no room to evade this time.
 ‘For sure, you have a limit to picture the far side’, the rabbit chanted like a mantra, in free fall, ‘it might be understandable, yet, if only you had a zest for current things’.
 There seemed to be some reality gap between me and him.
 ‘Is it calculable how far it were?’, I questioned the rabbit.
 ‘Check the map’, the rabbit answered quick.
 I remembered the map, and searched for it.

 ‘It’s too dark to open it’, I said.
 ‘Enough, but anyway, the map is mapping correspondent things’, the rabbit continued,  ‘you brought it, from the far side to the near side, the distance in-between could be calculated, by how much correspondence they have’.
 I was anxious, for each thing seemed like going to resolve.
 ‘Each thing has its each address, unless it’s not trivial for the map’, the rabbit told me.
