1.

 Terrible the book I’d written in secret was, though that was conceived in common spirit. Finally, my little literary trials nobody knew grounded on the shallows of new continuous trial I personally set, and suddenly I knew I became unfamiliar to myself. I walked away from reality in which I’d once been. My favorite author Murakami once said that that meant the work worked for me, but cruelly in my case. On the first point, I had to grow more decent.

 Doom seemed near, cold was dark. I kept walking anyway under eery shade. Home was faraway, nothing to see ahead: a lost child of Mother Mary. Having landed abroad, I spoke strange. Unknown a step ahead, but poetry in my pocket doubled my heart. The earth was getting wet, snowy the high, but something in the air I scented was sign of new me, in the new world. The feeling seemed more decent than what a map I bought in a drugstore told me.

 Wriggling the picture in my plastic mind was, which framed me in this uneasy traveling; that pushed my sight to retreat into the old world; a redundant, joking, flat way of life, still hit. Having thought about that, my soul slid into full scrutiny. According to the map, a steep hill ahead of me. So I was humming the cursed songs to try to blind my exhaustion. Though harmonics blurred my sight, the steps stayed tight. Haze came lowly, so I gazed up solely, in the middle of the steep. Sludgy the way, up to here, the sight I got: beauty of the air. Only the stars emerging dim.

 Got on the picturesque hump, the widest sense of peace came down; my mind still teased by the unforgotten, that’s not correct. Then, my heart broken like an easy code: I was too lonely to be true. Time went by, and just went by, for the first time in a long time. Without notice, my mind grew void, and eluded reality into a dream, where another possible life still went on: chanting, sporting, connecting, stable…. Some demon in the gap of realities switched that overnight. The dream must be a code of mind, only too perplex to break, and here, some unknown shape drifted near….

 The representation I was confined to, squeezed a tax out of me. The shape had to be reflected what connected me, with what I once ought to have been. I was trembling for what’s going on outside; I knew this was an ongoing dream, no way out; the shape was metamorphic in a second, hard to stay, and tricky. Then, it took shape like a rabbit, which I kept pace with, on a seemingly tough road ahead.

 In the middle of the bamboo bush, a sign stood, in an unreadable way.
The rabbit murmured, “Truth be told, I don’t know how to utilize this kind of thing”.
I stared at it, for a while.
“This appears upside down for me…”, I said.
“It’s unfamiliar opinion”, the rabbit giggled.
”Time will tell…”, I said by myself; the sign seemed so ominous in my point of view, that I stayed cautious of it.
“Hurry, hurry! It’s time to go!”, the rabbit jumped into the hole by the sign, which looked loud enough to awoke me in the dream.

“Up is down, down is up, you know?”, the rabbit giggled, in the dark again.
I’d already been caught in gravity of the things.
“I hate to be a downer, but I’m merely going down”, I feared.
“No, no, you’re going up, close your eyes, and just feel yourself”, the rabbit ate my words.
“I feel…I’m floating in a void, my sense ceases to capture reality…”, I said, meditatively.
“O.K. capsule yourself in that nirvana…”, the rabbit said, as if he were a high priest, “…perhaps, you need to grow more systematic, to really know where you’re going, surely you’re dipped in new phase…”.

“Mr Rabbit, are you still there?”, having faded-in the true dark, I called him.
”Off-course, I’m here”, he replied seriously.
“I lost my touch, what can I do?”, I questioned him.
“What if, it’s not yours, from the beginning…”, he faded off his voice, “you’d thought you’re touching things, but by any chance, things were touching you, then you’d started to think you have a touch”
“So…”, I stuttered.
“So that means, now things are remote from you, anyhow”, the rabbit taught me, like a high priest again.
“I asked, what can I do?”, I said strongly.
“I think, we’re just entering such a time”, the rabbit whispered softly.

2.

 Gravity got me still; there’s no room to evade this time.
“For sure, you have a limit to picture the far side”, the rabbit chanted like a mantra, in free fall, “it might be understandable, yet, if only you had a zest for current things”.
There seemed to be some reality gap between me and him.
“Is it calculable how far it were?”, I questioned the rabbit.
“Check the map”, the rabbit answered quick.
I remembered the map, and searched for it.
“What does it tell?”, the rabbit questioned me, so silently.

“It’s too dark to open it”, I said.
“Enough, but anyway, the map is mapping correspondent things”, the rabbit continued, “you brought it, from the far side to the near side, the distance in-between could be calculated, by how much correspondence they have”.
I was anxious, for each thing seemed like going to resolve.
”Each thing has its each address, unless it’s not trivial for the map”, the rabbit told me.

 Having swooned down the rathole, I heard the voice from the bottom of nothing again,
“Here, we’re standing on the current level of darkness”, it’s him, the rabbit.
“Really are we standing?”, I asked him.
“Certainly”, somehow his voice lacked previous confidence, but it seemed to have no end in it.
“Let’s just…walk the walk?”, he said aimlessly.
“Sounds like accountable”, I said.
“The sclerotic uninitiate confuses pride with accountability”, he said.
A light was dimly lit ahead, “That’s kinda thin thing”, I replied, having looked forward to the exit.

 Silence downed on us, and we ceased to mind our numbness, before we knew it. We’re wading out to the luminous direction. Hard to accept, but it’s a subway system out there. Everyday people were keeping their eyes on our development, and simultaneously chatting, joking, laughing.
“Welcome, this is the near side”, the rabbit giggled after so long, but it’s not so funny: the far side still went so hard.

 Step by step, my heart swung and knocked, when I walked this way.
“What’s the difference?”, the rabbit asked me.
“Where I am”, I replied.
“You’re where you’re”, the rabbit answered instantly.
“Maybe I’m rotating in the rut”, I replied again, “I want to be  in another way, one day I’d lose myself”
“Have you ever been here before?”, he asked me.
“My God”, everything’s repeating itself, I felt sick.
People went by us, they seemed to back to reality.
“You know, you have the map”, the rabbit put his hand on my shoulder, “It tells us where to go”.

 The things on the map were about to resolve, almost dissolved in my eyes. I was diffusing nihil original, confusing rewired fate, a blind bud on the soiled chemistry…; I half-finished my mental crossword, for the rabbit peeped over my shoulder.
“The map got a soak, while we’re walking in the dark, but your destination is limited in this, as your existence is also limited”, then he started to morph into another shape.
“I’m a product of your tax, keep paying far into the future, and you could rest peacefully”, meanwhile he’d become a sort of turtle.
“You can count on me, I was the faster in a Greek fable”
He left me in mental fragmentation, as always.

 “Mr. Rabbit, are you still you?”, the new seemed slower, to be honest I was anxious.
“Only time will tell who is who, I’m circa ten thousands years old, I know it’s latent spirit who really knows who is who currently”, the turtle blinked twice.
“You’ve grown more evasive now”
“Things evade, memories could fix ‘em”, the turtle kept crawling on the floor, he sounded like an autistic oracle.
“You said the map hints us the direction”
“What’s that?”, he wheezed as he proceeded.
“This is it”, I showed him the map.
“What’s this?”, I slightly blacked out.
“You don’t know the way, me neither”
“We need a proxy, don’t we?”
“If it exists”
“Proxy needs proximity essentially”, he had a coughing fit.
“You like word-play as Mr. Rabbit”
“Then, we just need proxy route”, the turtle looked like smiling for the first time.

 Like in a picture with a long history, Rorschach-test-like twin girls were on our way.
“As a result of sound combinations and healthy permutations, we decided to play you, the seed you planted had once gone lush vegetation of fruits and flowers, but now they’ve gone to seed again, you should revegetate them in a less contaminated manner”, the twin spoke in harmonic unison, ”at least to a degree of your vegetation”.
“Do you know what they’re talking about?”, I turned to the turtle.
“Don’t you know the rule of this world?”, he said in surprise.
“Not sure”, I really do.
“The population of this world is socially divided into small pieces”
“Why?”, I asked him.
“For the scarcity of fruits and flowers, in their words, men lost beauties and women lost dignities, and in the end economics had its say”
Meanwhile we’re huddling, the twin stayed in static peace.
“Finally, they invented a language in their languages, and it’s been used in highly political arena, where everything goes in babelish okayness, they merely perform it”, the turtle explained.
“Sounds like too-much-polished gem which eventually goes less unique and less heavy”, I said.
The twin scratched each shin, in complete symmetry.
